serialization: Add documentation about json signing and attestation (#1435)
spdx/spdx-3-model: serialization/jsonld/signing.md

# Signing SPDX 3 JSON Documents

SPDX JSON Documents may be signed using [ITU-T X.590 JSON Signature Schema (JSS)][JSS].
The signature must be placed in a `signatures` property at the top level of the
document. For the structure of the signature, see the [JSS][JSS] specification.

> SPDX does not currently allow sub-objects of the document to be signed (e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For SPDX, this method of signing does not allow sub-objects of the document to be signed (e.g.
```

Suggested on the 18 Aug 2026 tech call

Author: I think there is a confusion here. There's not a technical limitation imposed by JSS as to why you couldn't sign a subelement of the document; I just don't think it's useful and I don't want to say it's allowed until we think about it. In that context, the proposed change makes it seem like a limitation of JSS

# Signing SPDX 3 JSON Documents

SPDX JSON Documents may be signed using [JSON Signing Format][JSF]. The
signature must be placed in a `signature` property at the top level of the
document. For the structure of the signature, see the [JSON Signing Format specification][JSF].

SPDX does not currently allow sub-objects of the document to be signed (e.g.
individual objects in the `@graph` list). Only the complete document can be
signed.

## Example

```jsonc
{

>     "@context": "https://spdx.org/rdf/3.0.1/spdx-context.jsonld",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "@context": "https://spdx.org/rdf/3.0/spdx-context.jsonld",
```

The version part of the URL is inconsistent with another example in attestation.md
